
plbox3: Draw a box with axes, etc, in 3-d 

DESCRIPTION:

    Draws axes, numeric and text labels for a three-dimensional surface
    plot.  For a more complete description of three-dimensional plotting
    see the PLplot documentation. 

SYNOPSIS:

plbox3(xopt, xlabel, xtick, nxsub, yopt, ylabel, ytick, nysub, zopt, zlabel, ztick, nzsub)

ARGUMENTS:

    xopt (const char *, input) :    Pointer to character string specifying
    options for the x axis. The string can include any combination of
    the following letters (upper or lower case) in any order: b: Draws
    axis at base, at height z=
    zmin where zmin is defined by call to plw3d.  This character must be
    specified in order to use any of the other options. 
        f: Always use fixed point numeric labels. 
        i: Inverts tick marks, so they are drawn downwards, rather
        than upwards. 
        l: Labels axis logarithmically.  This only affects the labels,
        not the data, and so it is necessary to compute the logarithms
        of data points before passing them to any of the drawing
        routines. 
        n: Writes numeric labels at major tick intervals. 
        s: Enables subticks between major ticks, only valid if t is
        also specified. 
        t: Draws major ticks. 
        u: If this is specified, the text label for the axis is
        written under the axis. 


    xlabel (const char *, input) :    Pointer to character string
    specifying text label for the x axis.  It is only drawn if u is in
    the xopt string. 

    xtick (PLFLT, input) :    World coordinate interval between major
    ticks on the x axis. If it is set to zero, PLplot automatically
    generates a suitable tick interval. 

    nxsub (PLINT, input) :    Number of subintervals between major x axis
    ticks for minor ticks.    If it is set to zero, PLplot automatically
    generates a suitable minor tick interval. 

    yopt (const char *, input) :    Pointer to character string specifying
    options for the y axis. The string is interpreted in the same way
    as xopt. 

    ylabel (const char *, input) :    Pointer to character string
    specifying text label for the y axis.  It is only drawn if u is in
    the yopt string. 

    ytick (PLFLT, input) :    World coordinate interval between major
    ticks on the y axis. If it is set to zero, PLplot automatically
    generates a suitable tick interval. 

    nysub (PLINT, input) :    Number of subintervals between major y axis
    ticks for minor ticks.    If it is set to zero, PLplot automatically
    generates a suitable minor tick interval. 

    zopt (const char *, input) :    Pointer to character string specifying
    options for the z axis. The string can include any combination of
    the following letters (upper or lower case) in any order: b: Draws
    z axis to the left of the surface plot. 
        c: Draws z axis to the right of the surface plot. 
        d: Draws grid lines parallel to the x-y plane behind the
        figure.  These lines are not drawn until after plot3d or
        plmesh are called because of the need for hidden line removal. 
        f: Always use fixed point numeric labels. 
        i: Inverts tick marks, so they are drawn away from the center. 
        l: Labels axis logarithmically.  This only affects the labels,
        not the data, and so it is necessary to compute the logarithms
        of data points before passing them to any of the drawing
        routines. 
        m: Writes numeric labels at major tick intervals on the
        right-hand vertical axis. 
        n: Writes numeric labels at major tick intervals on the
        left-hand vertical axis. 
        s: Enables subticks between major ticks, only valid if t is
        also specified. 
        t: Draws major ticks. 
        u: If this is specified, the text label is written beside the
        left-hand axis. 
        v: If this is specified, the text label is written beside the
        right-hand axis. 


    zlabel (const char *, input) :    Pointer to character string
    specifying text label for the z axis.  It is only drawn if u or v
    are in the zopt string. 

    ztick (PLFLT, input) :    World coordinate interval between major
    ticks on the z axis. If it is set to zero, PLplot automatically
    generates a suitable tick interval. 

    nzsub (PLINT, input) :    Number of subintervals between major z axis
    ticks for minor ticks.    If it is set to zero, PLplot automatically
    generates a suitable minor tick interval. 
